Five members of a Hong Kong union behind a series of children’s books about sheep trying to hold back wolves from their village have been arrested for sedition.  The arrests by the new national security police unit, which is spearheading a sweeping crackdown on dissent, are the latest action against pro-democracy activists since huge and often violent protests convulsed the city two years ago.  Police said on Thursday that the two men and three women aged between 25 and 28 had “conspired to publish, distribute, exhibit or copy seditious publications”.  A man poses for a photo in front of books about Chinese President Xi Jinping on display at the Hong Kong book fair. Self-censorship hits Hong Kong book fair in wake of national security law Read more The group was attempting to stir up “the public’s – and especially young children’s – hatred towards Hong Kong’s government and judiciary and to incite violence and illegal acts,” police said in their statement.  The five arrested people were members of a union and HK$160,000 (US$20,600) in funds had been frozen under a new national security law China imposed on Hong Kong last year, police added.  A police source told AFP that the arrested men and women were members of The General Union of Hong Kong Speech Therapists.  In recent months the union published three illustrated ebooks that try to explain Hong Kong’s democracy movement to children. Democracy supporters are portrayed as sheep living in a village surrounded by wolves.  The first book, titled Guardians of Sheep Village explains the 2019 pro-democracy protests that swept through Hong Kong.  Janitors of Sheep Village, the second book, sees cleaners in the village go on strike to force out wolves who leave litter everywhere.  The book’s introduction explains it is a reference to Hong Kong medical workers striking last year in a bid to force the government to close the border with mainland China at the start of the coronavirus pandemic.  The final book in the trilogy – The 12 Braves of Sheep Village – is about a group of sheep who flee their village by boat because of the wolves.  It is a direct reference to 12 Hongkongers who made a failed bid to escape by speedboat last year to Taiwan but were detained by the Chinese coastguard and jailed.  Zheng Yanxiong, director of the Office for Safeguarding National Security Hong Kong’s courts should reflect China’s will, says official Read more Sedition is a colonial-era law that until last year had not been used since Hong Kong’s 1997 handover to China. It carries up to two years in jail for a first offence.  Police and prosecutors are now regularly using it alongside the national security law to clamp down on political speech and views.  Most of those arrested for such crimes are denied bail.  “Residents must see the facts clearly, must not condone or beautify violence and should not let the next generation be incited and misled by untrue and biased information,” police said.  Authorities should wait until more people are vaccinated before lifting public health restrictions, says Christina Pagel, director of UCL’s Clinical Operational Research Unit. “There is no disadvantage to more people being vaccinated.”  She suggests a different target: that before England unlocks all adults and over-12s should be offered two doses, not just one. “We should wait until at least we’ve finished our primary vaccination programme and offered two doses to adolescents too,” she says.  Others, however, back the government’s decision to unlock now. “This virus is not going away,” says Paul Hunter, professor in medicine at the University of East Anglia. “We will most likely see a surge whenever we lift restrictions now, in the autumn or next spring, it has to be one of these three options.”  Hunter, like the UK government, points to lower rates of hospitalisation and severe disease as the key benefit of the vaccination programme. He also cites the potential for immunity to wane six months after vaccination as a reason to unlock now, rather than wait.  As things stand, less than one in four of the under-30s will have full vaccine protection on 19 July. Many younger groups have only recently become eligible for vaccines, so have not been able to get a second dose.  Older age groups were jabbed first, so have much higher rates of vaccination. However, even in groups that have been eligible for vaccines for months, there remains a proportion of people who are not fully vaccinated. This is lowest among the over-70s: only 6% of those aged 70-79 in England have not had both doses. However, for 50- to 54-year-olds, who have been eligible for vaccines since mid-March, the number not fully vaccinated stands at 19%.  Full vaccination of every adult and adolescent in England will not get rid of coronavirus as vaccines are not 100% effective: they reduce but do not remove the effects of the disease. As the diagram below shows, people who are fully vaccinated can still become sick with coronavirus.  A single dose of any vaccine does not offer much protection against getting symptoms of coronavirus but it does significantly reduce the risk of hospital admission.  The government “risks losing social consent” for its test and trace programme if it does not immediately allow fully vaccinated people to avoid isolation, the former health secretary Jeremy Hunt has said.  His comments came as it was revealed that a record 618,903 people in England and Wales were sent self-isolation alerts in the week to 15 July.  Conservative MPs were in open revolt on Thursday as reports and pictures emerged of empty supermarket shelves, blamed on the hundreds of thousands of people “pinged” or contacted by NHS test and trace and told to stay at home because of the rapidly rising number of Covid cases, which are at their highest level since January.  Businesses are to be told on Thursday whether their staff qualify for “critical worker” status, enabling them to leave self-isolation in England if they are fully vaccinated to avert major disruption to food supplies. Industries from petrol stations to the postal service have also reported being affected by absences.  Speaking in the Commons after a statement from the vaccines minister, Nadhim Zahawi, and amid reports of people deleting the NHS Covid app in droves to avoid being alerted, Hunt said: “Does he not think it’s time for the government to listen to public opinion and scrapped the 10-day isolation requirement immediately for people who have been double jabbed in favour of having to isolate until they have done a negative PCR test?  “Otherwise we risk losing social consent for this very, very important weapon against the virus.”  Mark Harper, who chairs the Covid Recovery Group of Tory backbenchers, backed the plan to allow fully vaccinated people to take a PCR test rather than self-isolate if alerted from 16 August to be moved forward.  “The danger is, large numbers of people will either delete or stop listening to the app, and then when we get to 16 August they won’t be getting the advice to get a PCR test, and we will actually have made ourselves less safe,” he said.  Kwasi Kwarteng, the business secretary, said he was “very concerned” by some of the scenes inside shops. He told BBC Radio 4’s Today programme: “It’s not a universal thing. I don’t want people to get the impression that every shelf in every supermarket is bare, that’s not the case. But we are certainly concerned about instances of shortages.”  The government has promised for days to publish further guidance about which firms can ask workers to leave isolation if they are fully inoculated to prevent chaos to councils and companies given the rapidly dwindling workforce they are able to draw on. The “narrow” list would be released on Thursday, Kwarteng said, suggesting it would not be a list of professions or companies eligible to apply to the government, but rather a breakdown of which sectors would be affected and who among them “might be exempt”.  He did not rule out workers in the food industry, including supermarkets, being eligible, urging people not to panic buy and saying: “I’m not panicking, I’m looking at the evidence.”  Current isolation rules for the majority of the population were not scrapped on 19 July as some expected, meaning those who have had both Covid jabs must still quarantine if they are identified as a “close contact” of someone who has tested positive for the virus. This has recently included Boris Johnson and the chancellor, Rishi Sunak, after the double-vaccinated health secretary, Sajid Javid, tested positive for Covid.  Kwarteng said that when the rules changed on 16 August that would make an “enormous” difference, helping restore people’s freedoms more and unlocking parts of the economy.  Downing Street said on Tuesday that companies would have to apply directly to the relevant Whitehall department that covers them for authorisation to bring staff back to work, but gave no indication of how long this process would take.  Make UK – the manufacturers’ association – said more than one in ten businesses were saying some production has already stopped. Almost a quarter of businesses reported up to 10% of staff were isolating, and almost 1 in 10 said it was up to 25%.  Stephen Phipson, Make UK’s Chief Executive, said: “The impact on manufacturing continues to rapidly increase and there remains an inconsistency of Government policy that allows non-vaccinated people in nightclubs while those who have had both jabs are asked to isolate. We would urge Government to address this by bringing forward the planned August date in order to keep the economy open.”  The delay in giving businesses certainty about which workers will qualify for critical worker status has been criticised by industry leaders, including the supermarket chain Iceland’s managing director, Richard Walker.  He said his company and others were seeing an “exponential” increase in workers taking time off since 19 July, telling the BBC: “We are taking matters into our own hands in terms of recruitment because we simply don’t have time to wait for the government to sort this out.”  Walker said that while there was not a crisis in supply right now and “dramatic pictures” in the media represented isolated incidents, a crisis could arise if ministers did not act fast.  The businessman Lex Greensill was given “extraordinarily privileged” access to Downing Street while the government’s process for managing lobbying is insufficiently transparent and allows access to a “privileged few”, a report into the Greensill lobbying scandal commissioned by the prime minister has concluded.  The former prime minister David Cameron and the late cabinet secretary Jeremy Heywood have been criticised in the 141-page review drawn up by the City solicitor Nigel Boardman.  Cameron “understated” the nature of his relationship with Greensill when lobbying officials, the report said.  A covering memo to the prime minister in 2012 points to Lord Heywood as the person primarily responsible for Greensill being given a role in government, the report claims.  Boardman, 70, was appointed in April to run an independent investigation into government contracts and lobbying involving a number of senior Conservative politicians including Cameron, the chancellor, Rishi Sunak, the MP and former health secretary Matt Hancock and the peer Francis Maude.  It appeared the supply chain financier Greensill had been given privileged access to Downing Street when Cameron was prime minister and Heywood was cabinet secretary. After leaving government, Cameron became an adviser to Greensill Capital and lobbied ministers including Sunak for access to government-backed loans.  Critics will question why Lord Maude and current ministers appear to have escaped criticism while Heywood, who died in 2018, has been criticised. His wife, Suzanne Heywood has claimed Boardman should not have been in charge of the inquiry because of his close relationship with the government and the Conservative party - he has been a non-executive director at the Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy and is a former Tory party candidate.  
