An audibly shaken Alex Murdaugh can be heard crying on the phone to emergency dispatchers after returning to his family’s 1,700-acre hunting home and making the horror find.  The affluent lawyer informed the dispatcher that he came home to find the bullet-riddled bodies of Maggie Murdaugh, 52, their 22-year-old son Paul, lying in one of his kennels.  Both were shot multiple times, authorities confirmed at the time.   “I been up to it now - it’s bad,” a distressed Murdaugh said during the 10:07pm call on June 7 with a Colleton County dispatcher.  The audio was first reported by fitsnews.com who filed for the release of the “digitally redacted” 6 1/2-minute by the South Carolina Law Enforcement Division (SLED).   Murdaugh is an attorney and heir to Peters, Murdaugh, Parker, Eltzroth & Derrick - one of South Carolina’s most affluent legal dynasties that was founded by his great-grandfather back in 1910, according to the firm's website.  His biography details that Murdaugh also serves as a "part-time prosecutor for the 14th district" - which includes Colleton County.  The Murdaugh family was already under duress at the time of the double murders as Paul Murdaugh was facing charges he was under the influence in the 2019 boating death of teenager Mallory Beach.  “Okay and are they breathing?” the dispatcher asked Murdaugh.  “No ma’am,” Murdaugh replied.  “And you said it's your wife and your son?” Fraser asked.  “It’s my wife and my son,” Murdaugh answered.  While Murdaugh was early on named as a “person of interest” so far no authorities have made no arrests and there haven’t been any suspects identified, fitsnews.com confirmed.   SLED confirmed the case remains "ongoing."   During the recorded call, when Murdaugh was questioned if the bodies were in a car, he explained: “No ma’am they’re on the ground out at my kennels.”  As the echoes of dog barks can be heard in the distance the dispatcher prompted Murdaugh if he knew whether either his wife or son was still alive.   “No, nobody’s breathing,” he said through tears.  After he gathered some composure, Murdaugh was prompted about what he saw and if anything was out of the ordinary.   “Okay, did you hear anything,” the dispatcher quizzed the man. “Or did you come home and find them?”  “No ma’am I’ve been gone,” he said, again breaking down. “I just came back.”  “Okay and was anyone else supposed to be at your house?” the dispatcher asked him.  “No ma’am,” Murdaugh told her. “Please hurry.”  The dispatcher urges the patriarch to hold off having any contact with his son and wife.   “I don’t want you to touch them at all okay,” the dispatcher tells him. “I don’t know if you’ve already touched them but I don’t want you to touch them just in case they can get any kind of evidence, okay?”   But Murdaugh said he already touched both bodies.   DEAR DEIDRE: I HAD a one-night stand with the guy of my dreams, who is also a good friend. It was sexy and fun – just like him. But now he has ghosted me.  It was soon after my break-up and I am convinced he didn’t fancy me enough because I thought the night went brilliantly.  We have been mates for years, which makes things more awkward. He’s 32 and I’m a woman of 26.  Now I’m dreading the next time we go out together.  I’ve always fancied him and he has always been flirty with me, but one of us was always seeing someone else so it never went further.  Until last month, that is, when he messaged, saying, “I think it’s time we went on a real date”. I was over the moon.   We met for a few drinks at a bar, and he was generous with his compliments. With each drink, he edged a little closer towards me.  After our fourth, he lent in for a kiss. He asked me to go back to his for another drink and I agreed.  Within minutes of walking through the door, we were ripping off each other’s clothes. We ended up having sex three times that night, and again the next morning. HE girlfriend of a 'stuntman' who was knifed to death while filming a music video has said "my heart's been torn in two".  Devastated Seleka Gathercole paid tribute to her "baby" Shane Jerome, 23, who was attacked in South London on Wednesday night.  Shane had been on Brixton High Street shooting the rap video with Lamborghini sports cars, people in balaclavas and a quad bike nearby.  Horrified witnesses said there was a confrontation between two groups before the bloodshed erupted.  The victim was rushed towards an ambulance clutching his chest following the savage attack, shocked onlookers said.  Paramedics worked to save Jerome, from Thornton Heath, but he was pronounced dead at the scene less than 30 minutes later.   Grief-stricken Seleka said: "My heart's completely torn in two.  "I will never ever ever get over the loss of you - you mean more to me then I could ever explain."  A 45-year-old man who was in the area at the time said he saw the ambulance and "a guy lying on the floor".  "The paramedic was on the phone and seemed quite stressed and what was strange is that he didn't want to touch him," he said.  "A passerby intervened and started performing CPR on him and then a woman came to help before the police arrived.  "The victim was running towards the ambulance clutching his chest.  "He actually opened the ambulance's front door and got in, but then he came back out. He was kind of stumbling backwards, and fell to the floor."  The witness added: "He looked like he had a lot of blood on him, down his arm and on his chest.  "I thought they were play-acting or something, but then I saw the blood trickling down the road.  "It's almost as though there was a delay and then he suddenly realised he'd been stabbed."  Another onlooker told the BBC they had seen a "convoy of cars and quad bikes suddenly turn on one another, leading to one man being stabbed and others involved in a fist fight before running off on foot and by vehicle".  He continued: "The front of the convoy was a black Range Rover, which had a driver that wore a balaclava, and men sitting in the boot of the car, with the boot door open.   "There was also a red Ferrari and lime green Lamborghini, as well as two quad bikes. One of the quads ended up beached on the pavement.  "The man who was stabbed was lying in the middle of the road, with an ambulance on scene instantly, where the man was receiving CPR right away but looked lifeless.   "Another man who was wearing a balaclava and ski goggles, accompanied by a woman, ran to the victim screaming."  A picture posted online showed Jerome, who also worked as a scaffolder, on a blue motorbike - which appears to be the same one abandoned at the scene of the stabbing.   Devastated pals have also paid tribute to "one of the best guys they knew".  Courtney Young wrote online: "RIP Shane. I honestly can't believe it.  "Life is too short, it's always the least expected. Fly high friend."  Rebecca Newell added: "Rest in perfect peace to one of the best guys I knew.  "Was always there just a phone call away, forever and always in my heart."  Forensics teams examined a motorbike, rental bike and quad bike overnight as officers kept watch on a police cordon.  Police said Shane was found suffering from a stab injury, and passed away at the scene. A post-mortem examination will be held in due course.  A 19-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of causing grievous bodily harm. He has since been released with no further action.  Cops are now urging anybody who was in the area at the time to come forward.  Detective Chief Inspector Kate Blackburn, leading the investigation said: "Brixton Road near to the tube station is a busy area of London and there were many people in the street, on buses and in cars yesterday evening.  "We have spoken to a number witnesses already and I am asking for anyone who was in the area and who may have seen anything, or have footage on their phone or dash cam, to please contact us.  "A young man has tragically lost his life in an attack on a busy high street, I am asking anyone with any information to call police."  They can be contacted via 101 quoting reference Cad 7056/21Jul, or to remain anonymous contact contact Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.  The government's guidance states that employers who feel their workers need to be exempt from self-isolation should contact the relevant government department for their sector. They are also asked to provide information on the number of people who they want to leave self-isolation, the jobs they do and the impact that self-isolation would have on their business.  If a worker is deemed to meet the criteria then their employer will get a letter from the government telling them what measures they now need to follow. Unless businesses have received a letter like this with the employee specifically named, then the exemption policy does not apply.  "This is not a blanket exemption for all workers in a sector," the guidance said.  It adds that "in some exceptional cases" there may be critical roles in other sectors which could be agreed on a case-by-case basis.  Up to 10,000 workers are expected to qualify for the exemption scheme.  Separate arrangements are in place for frontline health and care staff.  Isolation for double-jabbed Brits who are pinged or contacted by NHS Test and Trace will end on August 16.  Paul Hunter, professor at the University of East Anglia and an adviser to the World Health Organization, told The Times: "To my mind it is very clear from the available evidence that the current requirement to quarantine following being pinged has little if any value in controlling the epidemic, especially if the person is fully vaccinated.  "I can see no value in waiting another four weeks."  In response to the announcement, the British Chambers of Commerce said many businesses "face difficult weeks ahead" despite the self-isolation exemptions.  In his Freedom Day speech, Boris Johnson name-checked a handful of industries in line for exemption, if the workers have been double-jabbed.  They included food and water supply, power supply, medicines, public transport, border force and the armed forces.  Fully vaccinated NHS workers have already been exempt to stop hospitals coming to a standstill.  Shoppers have spotted shortages in supermarkets this week, including bottled water and fresh fruit and veg.  Ice creams and beer are also among the items running low in some locations, as supermarkets warned customers not to panic buy.  A number of problems through the food supply chain have combined to create what's been described as a "perfect storm".  Increasing numbers of workers are being "pinged" by the NHS Covid app creating staff shortages in stores and factories producing food.  There is also a shortage of lorry drivers and fruit and vegetable pickers which has threatened supplies, while the heatwave has increased demand for salads, BBQ food and ice.  Some supermarkets last night warned the PM he has just 48 hours to fix the pingdemic or customers could face bare shelves for weeks.  Iceland said it has closed "a number of stores" after 1,000 workers - four per cent of its workforce - forced to self-isolate after being pinged.
